docs(storage): adds a description of tiered storage (#9866)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/configuring/assembly-storage.adoc

* Ephemeral (Recommended for development only)
* Persistent
* JBOD (Kafka only; not available for ZooKeeper)
* Tiered storage (Technology preview)

> To configure non-tiered storage, you specify `storage` properties in the custom resource of the component. 

Reviewer: I would not use `non-tiered`. This is essentially one tier of the tiered storage. I would keep this as it was. If you want to more differentiate it, you can maybe elaborate on what tiered storage is on the line 21 or after it.

Author: Right. I've removed that and added a line on tiered storage: 

> Tiered storage provides more flexibility for data management by leveraging the use of both fast local storage and slower, more cost-effective remote storage solutions.

The storage type is set using the `storage.type` property.

> Support for tiered storage is being introduced as a technology preview.

Reviewer: Again, no technology preview. Just add warning that this is early access in Apache Kafka and has several limitations.

To configure tiered storage, you specify `tieredStorage` properties.

> When using node pools, you can specify storage configuration unique to each node pool used in a Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: This should be probably before you start talking abotu tiered storage. And here you can say that tiered storage is configured only at the cluster level in the Kafka CR.

* Ephemeral (Recommended for development only)
* Persistent
* JBOD (Kafka only; not available for ZooKeeper)
* Tiered storage (Early access preview)

To configure storage, you specify `storage` properties in the custom resource of the component. 
The storage type is set using the `storage.type` property.
When using node pools, you can specify storage configuration unique to each node pool used in a Kafka cluster.
The same storage properties available to the `Kafka` resource are also available to the `KafkaNodePool` pool resource.

> Tiered storage provides more flexibility for data management by leveraging the use of both local storage and remote storage solutions.

Reviewer: I don't think this is completely wrong. But it can be confusing by using the overloaded terms such as local and remote storage. Maybe this would be better?

```suggestion
Tiered storage provides more flexibility for data management by leveraging the use of storage types with different characteristics in parallel.
For example:
* Regular block storage with high performance and high cost
* Object storage with lower cost but also lower performance.
```
